---
layout: episode
number: 57
title: Jokes
description: Brian and Melissa are joined by special guests Justin and Charity Tolbert to share their favorite jokes.
pub_date: 2017-09-30
slug: 057-jokes
bytes: 
duration: '0:41:16'
tags: ['guests', 'humor']
---
<h2>Melissa</h2>
<ol reversed>
<li>Why does a milking stool only have 3 legs? </li>
<li>What’s the last thing that goes through a bug’s mind as it hits your windshield?</li>
<li>Instead of “The John”, I call my toilet “The Jim”.</li>
<li>I asked my daughter if she’d seen my newspaper. She told me that newspapers are old school.</li>
<li>Just came home from a training session. Two hours on the treadmill did me really good.</li>
<li>It’s not nice making fun of fat people.</li>
<li>Sure, I drink brake fluid.</li>
<li>A guy was taking his girlfriend to prom. Getting ready, he went to a tux rental shop.</li>
<li>If you understand English, press 1.</li>
<li>How many Mexicans does it take to screw in a lightbulb?</li>
</ol>

<h2>Brian</h2>
<ol reversed>
<li>My friend keeps saying, “Cheer up man, it could be worse! You could be stuck underground in a hole full of water!”</li>
<li>A man flying in a hot air balloon suddenly realizes he’s lost.</li>
<li>How did the hipster burn his tongue?</li>
<li>What did the Buddhist monk say to the hot dog vendor?</li>
<li>What do you call it when Batman skips church? </li>
<li>A man walks into a bar and pauses. At the other end of the bar, there's this guy with a big orange head.</li>
<li>Why did the old lady fall in the well?</li>
<li>There are two identical twin brothers that live together. One happens to be a well-respected dentist, and the other can't seem to keep a job.</li>
<li>How is a bicycle similar to a duck?</li>
<li>Once I saw this guy on a bridge about to jump. I said, “Don’t do it!”</li>
</ol>

<h2>Justin</h2>
<ol reversed>
<li>What do you call a fish with no eyes?</li>
<li>Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring.</li>
<li>An elderly couple visits their friends.</li>
<li>An Austrian, a Botswanan…</li>
<li>There are two types of people in the world: those worth mentioning.</li>
<li>Why will a Hindu never tell a “Yo Mama” joke?</li>
<li>I hate it when people get simple stuff wrong.</li>
<li>You don’t need a parachute to go skydiving.</li>
<li>I have four eyes, three noses, two mouths, five arms, and three legs. What am I?</li>
<li>There were three blondes walking on a trail.</li>
</ol>

<h2>Charity</h2>
<ol reversed>
<li>Two dyslexics walk into a bra.</li>
<li>Which way did the programmer go?</li>
<li>What time does Sean Connery get to Wimbledon?</li>
<li>Two blondes living in Oklahoma were sitting on a beach.</li>
<li>What is Forrest Gump’s password?</li>
<li>Why did Sally fall off the swing?</li>
<li>Knock Knock. Who’s there. Obama.</li>
<li>How do you drown a submarine full of blondes?</li>
<li>Yo mama so fat when Dracula sucked her blood, he got diabetes.</li>
<li>Yo mama so poor, ducks throw bread at her.</li>
</ol>